S3:(simple storage service)
=============================
Amazon Simple Storage Service is storage for the Internet. It is designed to make web-scale computing easier for
developers.

Amazon S3 has a simple web services interface that you can use to store and retrieve any amount of data, at any 
time, from anywhere on the web. It gives any developer access to the same highly scalable, reliable, fast, 
inexpensive data storage infrastructure that Amazon uses to run its own global network of web sites. The service 
aims to maximize benefits of scale and to pass those benefits on to developers.

EFS:(Elastic file system)
=========================
Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) provides simple, scalable file storage for use with Amazon EC2. With 
Amazon EFS, storage capacity is elastic, growing and shrinking automatically as you add and remove files, so your 
applications have the storage they need, when they need it. Amazon EFS has a simple web services interface that 
allows you to create and configure file systems quickly and easily. The service manages all the file storage 
infrastructure for you, meaning that you can avoid the complexity of deploying, patching, and maintaining complex 
file system configurations.

Glacier:
=========
Glacier is an extremely low-cost storage service that provides durable storage with security features for data 
archiving and backup. With Glacier, customers can store their data cost effectively for months, years, or even 
decades. Glacier enables customers to offload the administrative burdens of operating and scaling storage to AWS, 
so they don't have to worry about capacity planning, hardware provisioning, data replication, hardware failure 
detection and recovery, or time-consuming hardware migrations. 

Snowball:
==========
AWS Snowball is a service that accelerates transferring large amounts of data into and out of AWS using physical 
storage devices, bypassing the Internet. Each AWS Snowball device type can transport data at faster-than internet 
speeds. This transport is done by shipping the data in the devices through a regional carrier. The devices are 
rugged shipping containers, complete with E Ink shipping labels.

With a Snowball, you can transfer hundreds of terabytes or petabytes of data between your on-premises data 
centers and Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3). AWS Snowball uses Snowball appliances and provides 
powerful interfaces that you can use to create jobs, transfer data, and track the status of your jobs through to 
completion. By shipping your data in Snowballs, you can transfer large amounts of data at a significantly faster 
rate than if you were transferring that data over the Internet, saving you time and money.


Storage gateway:
=================
AWS Storage Gateway connects an on-premises software appliance with cloud-based storage to provide seamless 
integration with data security features between your on-premises IT environment and the AWS storage 
infrastructure. You can use the service to store data in the AWS Cloud for scalable and cost-effective storage 
that helps maintain data security.

AWS Storage Gateway offers file-based, volume-based, and tape-based storage solutions.more details online